main.config_file_version 1
main.software_encoding_warning_shown false
record.container mp4
record.pause_unpause_recording_hotkey 0 0
record.record_options.advanced_view true
record.record_options.application_audio_invert false
record.record_options.audio_codec opus
record.record_options.audio_track device:default_output
record.record_options.change_video_resolution false
record.record_options.codec h264
record.record_options.color_range full
record.record_options.fps 60
record.record_options.framerate_mode vfr
record.record_options.merge_audio_tracks false
record.record_options.overclock false
record.record_options.record_area_height 1080
record.record_options.record_area_option focused
record.record_options.record_area_width 1920
record.record_options.record_cursor true
record.record_options.restore_portal_session true
record.record_options.video_bitrate 5000
record.record_options.video_height 1080
record.record_options.video_quality very_high
record.record_options.video_width 1920
record.save_directory /home/ivan/recordings
record.save_video_in_game_folder false
record.show_recording_started_notifications true
record.show_video_saved_notifications true
record.start_stop_recording_hotkey 0 0
replay.container mp4
replay.record_options.advanced_view true
replay.record_options.application_audio_invert false
replay.record_options.audio_codec opus
replay.record_options.audio_track device:default_output
replay.record_options.audio_track device:default_input
replay.record_options.change_video_resolution false
replay.record_options.codec auto
replay.record_options.color_range full
replay.record_options.fps 60
replay.record_options.framerate_mode vfr
replay.record_options.merge_audio_tracks false
replay.record_options.overclock false
replay.record_options.record_area_height 1080
replay.record_options.record_area_option focused
replay.record_options.record_area_width 1920
replay.record_options.record_cursor true
replay.record_options.restore_portal_session true
replay.record_options.video_bitrate 5000
replay.record_options.video_height 1080
replay.record_options.video_quality very_high
replay.record_options.video_width 1920
replay.save_directory /ramfs
replay.save_recording_hotkey 65471 256
replay.save_video_in_game_folder false
replay.show_replay_saved_notifications true
replay.show_replay_started_notifications true
replay.show_replay_stopped_notifications true
replay.start_stop_recording_hotkey 0 0
replay.time 600
replay.turn_on_replay_automatically_mode turn_on_at_system_startup
streaming.custom.container flv
streaming.custom.url 
streaming.record_options.advanced_view true
streaming.record_options.application_audio_invert false
streaming.record_options.audio_codec opus
streaming.record_options.audio_track default_output
streaming.record_options.change_video_resolution false
streaming.record_options.codec h264
streaming.record_options.color_range limited
streaming.record_options.fps 60
streaming.record_options.framerate_mode vfr
streaming.record_options.merge_audio_tracks true
streaming.record_options.overclock false
streaming.record_options.record_area_height 1080
streaming.record_options.record_area_option eDP-1-1
streaming.record_options.record_area_width 1920
streaming.record_options.record_cursor true
streaming.record_options.restore_portal_session true
streaming.record_options.video_bitrate 5000
streaming.record_options.video_height 1080
streaming.record_options.video_quality custom
streaming.record_options.video_width 1920
streaming.service twitch
streaming.show_streaming_started_notifications true
streaming.show_streaming_stopped_notifications true
streaming.start_stop_recording_hotkey 0 0
streaming.twitch.key 
streaming.youtube.key 
